Yes I would like a cheeseburger with extra pickles
*explodes pancakes with mind*
hwo to tyep
I'm in something called "Gorilla Business"
I'm playing with tilt controls!
Chicken fried rice? I sure hope they can!
I only win, except when I lose, then I don't win.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Please does someone have an answer I don't know
Did you know, that if you stacked a thousand ants on top of eachother, they probably wouldn't like it
DUDE WAIT THERE ARE ABILITIES IN THIS GAME?!?!
"NYOOOOOOOOOOM" - Sun Tzu, Art of War
Car no go space, car go vroom
"To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy." - Shadow the Hedgehog
I'm reading a book about glue. About half way done, doesn't taste anything like glue tho.
I got cooked, fried, baked, boiled and incinerated
Give a man a fish, and he fish man fish day. Learn fish to man, fish man fish fish.
If life gives you lemons, throw them back. Make them angry, make them throw more lemons.
Dude I wish I was Mario, how cool would it be to voice Chris Pratt???
I wish I had more Avocado Toast
I'm the 1% of germs who survives
oogla boogla doogadie do
Petah, the horse is here
I'm like an oiled machine, except the oil hasn't been replaced in 4 months and I'm rusting as we speak
That's it, I'm becoming Crazy Frog
Tip: Shoot the enemy players to win!
Tip: Dying is bad for your health!
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo is a valid sentence
Hmmmm, I rate this conversation a 3 out of 10
Hmmmm, I rate this conversation a 9 out of 10
Fuck this, I'm tired, I'm taking the escalator to Heaven instead
.__O< Quack Quack!
Yes can I get an extra large pepperoni without dough, tomato sauce and cheese.
Can you believe it guys? Christmas!
THAT'S IT, I'M CRASHING OUT. GIVE ME THE SLIPPER
s    or    ry        m  y       ca t    i  s     on      m y   ke  yboa rd
mfs be saying Boo a AAAAAAAAAAH fuck that scared me
I only buy plastic straws to eat them. Turtles are WEAK
Did you know, that if you you know you did you you, you know.
I have that dog in me, them wienerdog kind.
Ratting around till I find out
If sonic is hedgehog, why he blue? It no make sense.
WAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaa - Mario
Grafiled wante Lasang
lol                                                             [Frogger]: Hey guys it's me FroggerTV from the hitgame Overwatch.
Oh you think I'm bad? Then watch this. *does backflip*
What does the glowing blue circle in the bottom of my screen mean?
I'm bored. Can we play Hello Kitties Adventure?
I wish I could fly, it would be so much better then to mosquito
I'M HOLDING THE TALKING STICK NOW. WAIT UNTIL IT'S YOUR TURN.
Yo guys can we ban Maximillian next time? He's broken.
I don't need apples to scare away doctors.
If 2 Unicycles would work together do they become a Bicycle?
What came first, the dragons or the fruit?
THAT'S IT. NO MORE SWEETS FOR YOU.
If you think about it really hard, apples and oranges aren't the same thing.
Everyone wants the monkeys to type Shakespeare, I want the monkeys to write Olkhdobnelanci
OBSCURE REFERENCE GO!
I ated a pant.
Sometimes I forget, sometimes I.. what was I saying again?
What do you call a skeletons favorite meat? SPARE RIBS!!!!!!!!
I could DEVOUR a billy hog right now
[ERROR]: Comeback not found. Defaulting to; Slur.
Fighting 100 gorillas would be so much easier than fighting 1 man in my opinion.
Ven-o-mous sounds like a dish I would eat.
I DON'T CARE HOW BIG THE ROOM IS I CAST FIREBALL
You must feel real big small big, titanic small tiny big humongus small big
Dying of radiation poisoning right now because I ate too many bananas.

--------- stopScript ---------
"Group up?" Sorry I only solo queue